{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green37\blue50;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17255\c19608\c25490;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Barkavi Ashokan\
38 Eastpark Blvd, Scarborough, ON, M1H 1C7\
Toronto\
barkavi.ashokan@gmail.com\
+1 4168791456\
11/11/2022\
13592375 Canada Inc\
Re: Application for the position of Java developer\
Dear\'a0HR,\
This letter serves as an opportunity to get to know more about me as a prospective candidate for the position of Java developer at\'a013592375 Canada Inc\'a0as advertised in\'a0LinkedIn. I would like to tell you about my skills, background, and ability to succeed in the position.\
My interest in the position stems from a desire to use a diverse programming skillset towards solving technological challenges. My training and experience as a Java developer, along with my ability to code multithreaded and networking programs\'a0make me an ideal candidate for the job. I know that I would be a valuable addition to the team at\'a0Binance.\
I have a\'a0B.E Egg\'a0from\'a0Anna University, India\'a0and have more than\'a06 months\'a0of experience in Java development. I have extensive knowledge of\'a0OOPS, Agile, Core Java\'a0and outstanding\'a0knowledge in Software development life cycle.\
In my most recent role at\'a013592375 Canada Inc, I achieved\'a080% defect free Core Java implementation, which improved\'a0the software quality to the benchmark defined by the organization.\
I am eager to take on a new challenge and I see this as the perfect opportunity to contribute and grow. I am excited to be applying to\'a0Binance\'a0and for the opportunity to\'a0contribute towards your software product development. I truly admire the opportunity given to young developers like me\'a0and would feel privileged to a member of the team at\'a0Binance.\
Please find attached my resume. Feel free to contact me directly should you require anything further.\
Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you.\
Sincerely,\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Barkavi Ashokan\
}